we've seen the AI boom but what about
the bust some are calling this the time
where we repeat the bubble of 2000
others are saying no it will go on
forever I'm going to show you what we
can absolutely guarantee at this time at
the same time we need to be looking at
where we should be putting our money and
how we should invest all of that and
more let's begin by taking a look at the
number one risk for tech stocks you can
see it right here EU brings down the
hammer on big Tech as tough rules kick
in the world's major Tech Titans must
crack down on illegal content to keep
European users safe online on Friday
far-reaching EU rules Force digital
firms to fall into line you've had
Canada that restricted forms of news on
Facebook platforms and it's important to
note that this is one after the other of
an increase in regulation on the tech
industry which is basically largely
unregulated they operate as an arm of
the government and so they're able to do
certain things get as much data as they
need and data is money these days so I
believe that regulation is really the
number one factor determining uh the
prices that you'll see in the stock
market for these type of stocks you
don't look at inflation of course in
interest rates are High when they go
higher for longer week can see that the
stock market doesn't necessarily behave
the way that most people would they
don't want the interest rates at these
levels especially tech stocks don't like
that right now we're seeing so much
foreign investment foreign investment to
U.S equities has been going wild and so
as a result of that we can see times get
wacky and that's kind of where we are at
today all right then we also have Bubble
valuations as you look at it from it's
not just Nvidia but we'll use that
example today a lot of these different
companies have gone into you know no
man's land at the same time stimulus
from other countries uh really makes
them more attractive so if China is
going to continue to stimulate that
would pull money their way it could be
the same for Europe it could be Canada
wherever but right now the world is
pumping their cash into the United
States that is very clear over
overwhelmingly regulation at the same
time is really one of the big concerns
that we have as I explained a moment ago
so we'll keep an eye on that to be able
to determine hey if they're going to
start regulating Tech they're going to
regulate AI that slows down the growth
potentially you may argue that's that's
a good thing but in terms of the stock
prices not necessarily at least in the
short term
all right September tends to be a bad
month uh when you look at it overall for
the stock market nobody knows what
happens but it's just generally not a
strong month some are going even further
to suggest that there will be a credit
event in September so keep your eyes
peeled I can tell you though the market
most investors their bet is that
volatility will Decline and when
volatility declines that essentially
means that you know they're going to bet
that the markets will go higher and
everything is also Goldilocks and the
Three Bears
at this time they've been right
this is Michael guyet and I did an
interview with him a little while back
he has some interesting things to say
breaking Nvidia can take down the entire
stock market now
not so sure about the entire Market but
I can take you take you into this chart
here and you'll see it top five stocks
account for 60 percent of NASDAQ gains
and so we do have just a few stocks
carrying a lot of the gains that we've
been experiencing and you look at Nvidia
I mean it's on the top of the list in
terms of the percentage gain look at
that it's showing 18 it looks like and
of course that is something that is
it's worrisome actually you know people
say that's fantastic look how well it's
done it has to be balanced right to some
degree and we're definitely not seeing
any balance today that's for sure
technology stocks are hugely overvalued
based on some metrics this is just
showing you the current level and fair
value as well as the implied upside
downside I'm not so sure you know you
can Factor this in any way you can do
ratios but
is that necessarily going to be
something that you know we have to pay
attention to in this in this way and not
necessarily anyway this is just showing
us that the markets are suggesting it
could be overvalued based on some
metrics the market determines that based
on how many people are willing to invest
in it that's a simple matter of fact
when the investors run out when enough
people on the buy side run out then it
starts to go in the other direction it's
a simple matter of fact I just thought
it was interesting of course to look at
p e ratios while they don't necessarily
invest based on p e ratios
it's a basic indicator that we should
pay attention to to look at valuations
and very clearly when you look at the S
P 500 their p e ratio at 18 basically 19
compare that to the tech stocks and you
look at it at over 25 historically out
of whack it's supposed to be somewhere
around 16 or 17. so we're already above
that with the whole like think about
where we are today near all-time high
and
um we are
basically being pulled by these few
stocks that are their PE ratios are off
the charts
um interestingly this is JP Morgan's top
Tech Trader Ron Alder who basically you
know he made a few comments I wanted to
touch on them the AI hype continues to
wane
company spent too much time on AI on
their earnings calls and analyst days
now it starts to putting up the results
the experience of these products has
underwhelmed users and the novelty could
wear off quickly yes there's a cool
factor and the real world use cases but
aside from Executives and leather
jackets it's unclear how most will
monetize and Implement and so that's
what he's saying here I think it's you
know we can agree to that a lot of
people say you know AI is a lot of hype
and maybe there is some cool stuff
coming but we're not there yet you can't
pull Too Much from the future into the
present now we'll talk about that more
in a second so right here what I wanted
to show you was a few things that you
need to be doing as an individual number
one for most people investing long term
in a broad index will be the best method
and that's because you get
diversification yes but less maintenance
and people the average person they can't
be there they can't be
you know looking at the markets every
single day
it's not it's not something that the
average person could do uh buy into
companies that aren't hyped that's
important as well because the hype is uh
clearly something that you know it
generates the excitement behind the
company but where is where are the
fundamentals with that company
valuations shouldn't be based on
something unproven as well oh in five
years we're gonna have this great thing
and it's going to be fantastic just just
believe us uh you know there are a lot
of companies like that you need to see
the actual proven
at least prototype or something that
gets you okay I get it it's just a
matter of getting this to the into
people's hands and customers hands if
it's just hey this is what we're
intending on doing and billions and in
fact trillions of dollars being thrown
into them uh you know can't really agree
with that
watch companies exposure to other
countries this is another one that's
often overlooked if you are
you know any company whether it's Xerox
or maybe you're looking at IBM or apple
if apple is selling phones to the US
market that's great if the US customers
buying it but if the U.S if that apple
is basically selling to China and
China's in a recession they're not going
to buy as many phones that means the
total sales in this company are
declining and as a result uh you have a
problem with that company just because
it's headquarters it's you know it's
actually at uh you know it's a US
company and so on that doesn't
necessarily mean that you should only
look at the the US very important stuff
okay if you want to know more about the
stock market if you want to know about
the economy if you want real estate tips
if you want to connect with me directly
Discord is the place to be over 1300
people click that link in the
description and join the chat I'm in
there every single day so you can join
me any day and this is the comment of
the day Edward
as time goes on less and less people
will be able to purchase a home this is
by Design recall the wef said that we'll
own nothing and be happy that being said
if you can make the numbers work this is
a great opportunity for a buy uh Buy and
Hold real estate investing because
demand for rentals will continue to
increase certainly right now we are
seeing that demand is very high and the
prices are also very high okay and when
we look at it for multi-family residents
and things these become very attractive
as an investor it's not bulletproof of
course but that's the kind of thing that
will probably
look good for for the while as long as
we are in this environment of you know
this is a tough circumstance right so
more and more people are going to need
to rent they can't afford to buy and
quite frankly this real estate market
with not enough incentive to build right
now it's just going to get Tighter and
Tighter and Tighter all right hope you
appreciate this video if you did hit
that thumbs up button it's right down
there beside the Subscribe and as always
I'm bringing you videos all the time so
you definitely want to check me out I'll
see on the next one take care